feat: don't report inbound stream upgrade errors to handler (#3605)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: protocols/request-response/CHANGELOG.md

  See [PR 3715].
- Remove deprecated `RequestResponse` prefixed items. See [PR 3702].

> - Remove `InboundFailure::UnsupportedProtocols`.
>   This variant is no longer constructed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove `InboundFailure::UnsupportedProtocols` and `InboundFailure::InboundTimeout`.
  This variants is no longer constructed.
```
